[#978] - readme updated as clarification of how to cross compile and … (#989)
open-quantum-safe/liboqs: README.md

You can cross compile liboqs for various platform by supplying CMake with an appropriate [toolchain](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-toolchains.7.html) file.

> #### Cross compiling LIBOQS from Ubuntu to Raspberry Pi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Cross compiling liboqs from Ubuntu to Raspberry Pi
```

For example, to cross compile for a Raspberry Pi from Ubuntu Bionic:

	apt install gcc-8-arm-linux-gnueabihf
	mkdir build && cd build
	cmake -GNinja -DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE=../.CMake/toolchain_rasppi.cmake -DOQS_USE_OPENSSL=OFF ..
	ninja

> #### Cross compiling LIBOQS from Ubuntu to Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Cross compiling liboqs from Ubuntu to Windows
```

To compile for Windows AMD64 from Ubuntu Bionic:

	apt install gcc-mingw-w64
	mkdir build && cd build
	cmake -GNinja -DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE=../.CMake/toolchain_windows-amd64.cmake -DOQS_DIST_BUILD=ON ..
	ninja

> #### Cross compiling LIBOQS from Ubuntu to Windows as library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Cross compiling liboqs from Ubuntu to Windows as library
```

To compile for Windows AMD64 from Ubuntu Bionic and create a `liboqs.dll` file

> 	sudo apt install cmake gcc gcc-mingw-w64 ninja-build

Reviewer 2: please remove "sudo" here to be in line with the other documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	apt install cmake gcc gcc-mingw-w64 ninja-build
```

	git clone https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/liboqs
	cd liboqs
	mkdir build && cd build
	cmake -GNinja -DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE=../.CMake/toolchain_windows-amd64.cmake -DOQS_DIST_BUILD=ON -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON ..
	ninja

> The result of ninja process, will generate a `bin/liboqs.dll` file on project root directory that you will need to copy to Windows and configure it to be available via PATH environment variable

Reviewer 2: I'm not a native speaker but shouldn't there be a "the" between `via` and `PATH`? Also, the DLL is created in the `build/bin` directory, not the project root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will generate a `bin/liboqs.dll` file in the `build` directory that you will need to copy to Windows. You should configure it to be available via the PATH environment variable.
```
